README.md, before:

<div align="center" style="border: 2px solid #ccc; padding: 20px; border-radius: 12px; width: 80%; margin: auto; box-shadow: 0 0 10px rgba(0,0,0,0.15);">
    <img
        width="180"
        height="220"
        alt="Logo - SURE ProEd"
        src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/88fa5098-24b1-4ece-87df-95eb920ea721"
        style="border-radius: 10px;"
    />

  <h3 align="center" style="font-family: Arial; font-weight: 600; margin-top: 15px;">SURE ProEd (SURE Trust) - Skill Upgradation for Rural youth Empowerment Trust</h3>

  <!-- EDIT YOUR COURSE NAME -->

  <h2 style="color: #2b6cb0; font-family: Arial;">COURSE NAME</h2>
</div>

<hr style="border: 0; border-top: 1px solid #ccc; width: 80%;" />

<div style="padding: 20px; border: 2px solid #ddd; border-radius: 12px; width: 90%; margin: auto; background: #fafafa; font-family: Arial;">

<h2 style = "color:#333;"> Student Details </h2>
<div align = "left" style ="margin: 20px; font-size: 16px;">
    <p><strong>Name:</strong> <!--- Add your name---> </p>
    <p><strong>Email:</strong> <!--- Add your mail id ---> </p>
    <p><strong>Phone:</strong> <!--- Add your phone num---> </p>
</div>

<hr style="border: 0; border-top: 1px solid #ccc; width: 80%;" />

<h2 style="color:#333;"> Course Joined</h2>
<div align="left" style="margin: 20px; font-size: 16px;">
    <p><strong>Course Name:</strong> <!--- Add your course name---> </p>
    <p><strong>Instructor:</strong> <!--- Add your instructor name---> </p>
</div>

<hr style="border: 0; border-top: 1px solid #ccc; width: 80%;" />

<h2 style="color:#333;"> Duration</h2>
<div align="left" style="margin: 20px; font-size: 16px;">
    <p><strong>Start Date:</strong> <!--- Starting date of course (yyyy-mm-dd)--> </p>
    <p><strong>End Date:</strong> <!--- ending date of course (yyyy-mm-dd)---> </p>
    <p><strong>Total Duration:</strong> <!--- Durations in months---> </p>
</div>

</div>

<!-- End of block -->

---

## **Community Services**

<!-- add descreption in your own words -->

During my internship period, I participated in multiple community-oriented activities aimed at social welfare and environmental improvement. These experiences helped me develop empathy, teamwork, and a sense of responsibility toward society.

### **Activities Involved**

- **Blood Donation** – Donated blood and supported basic assistance tasks during the camp.
- **Tree Plantation Drive** – Participated by planting trees and contributing to environmental improvement.
- **Helping Elder Citizens** – Assisted two elderly individuals with simple daily tasks and provided support where needed.

<!-- you can write impacts according to your experience in your words-->

### **Impact / Contribution**

- Helped create a supportive environment during the blood donation camp.
- Actively participated in promoting a greener and cleaner surroundings.
- Offered personal assistance to elder citizens, strengthening community bonds.
- Improved skills in communication, coordination, and social responsibility.

### **Photos**

<!-- add your photos below -->
<!-- change url below with your image urls (inside  src='')-->

- These are just placeholder (sample) images <!-- remove this line -->

<p align="center">
<img src="https://media.licdn.com/dms/image/v2/D561FAQEJNBia4UCa5w/feedshare-document-images_800/B56Zm5b6SJJkAg-/1/1759752731458?e=1766016000&v=beta&t=7GABy91-0FNbir386wPdJ-Grr385JzS3tR5LQIw1CWg" alt="Community Service Photo 1" width="60%"><br>
<img src="https://media.licdn.com/dms/image/v2/D561FAQEJNBia4UCa5w/feedshare-document-images_800/B56Zm5b6SJJkAg-/2/1759752731458?e=1766016000&v=beta&t=6RfJQWWqlQUPcCvDnQNW7kR6yf7w-wPDsIPxum409ck" alt="Community Service Photo 2" width="60%"><br>
<img src="https://media.licdn.com/dms/image/v2/D561FAQEJNBia4UCa5w/feedshare-document-images_800/B56Zm5b6SJJkAg-/3/1759752731458?e=1766016000&v=beta&t=yWaunKdRdLUKBLbmM3UjRYYz-_GSCfWEQ3_R7dW0xLM" alt="Community Service Photo 3" width="60%">
</p>

---

## **Certificate**

The internship certificate serves as an official acknowledgment of the successful completion of my training period. It will be issued by the organization upon fulfilling all required tasks and meeting the performance expectations of the program. The certificate validates the skills, experience, and contributions made during the internship.

### **Certificate Preview**

<!-- add your certificate image url below (inside src='')-->

<p align="center">
<img src="https://img.sanishtech.com/u/49eeb3961a816d32d894d94caa1522cd.png" alt="Internship Certificate" width="80%">
</p>

---

## **Acknowledgments**

<!-- you can add Acknowledgments over here in same syntax as below -->

- [Prof. Radhakumari Challa](https://www.linkedin.com/in/prof-radhakumari-challa-a3850219b) , Executive Director and Founder - SURE Trust

## **References**

- [Wikipedia](https://wikipedia.com)
<!--you can add refrences over here in same syntax as above -->

Commit message:

Add Project Overview section and refine Acknowledgments comment in README.md

README.md, after:

<div align="center" style="border: 2px solid #ccc; padding: 20px; border-radius: 12px; width: 80%; margin: auto; box-shadow: 0 0 10px rgba(0,0,0,0.15);">
    <img
        width="180"
        height="220"
        alt="Logo - SURE ProEd"
        src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/88fa5098-24b1-4ece-87df-95eb920ea721"
        style="border-radius: 10px;"
    />

  <h3 align="center" style="font-family: Arial; font-weight: 600; margin-top: 15px;">SURE ProEd (SURE Trust) - Skill Upgradation for Rural youth Empowerment Trust</h3>

  <!-- EDIT YOUR COURSE NAME -->

  <h2 style="color: #2b6cb0; font-family: Arial;">COURSE NAME</h2>
</div>

<hr style="border: 0; border-top: 1px solid #ccc; width: 80%;" />

<div style="padding: 20px; border: 2px solid #ddd; border-radius: 12px; width: 90%; margin: auto; background: #fafafa; font-family: Arial;">

<h2 style = "color:#333;"> Student Details </h2>
<div align = "left" style ="margin: 20px; font-size: 16px;">
    <p><strong>Name:</strong> <!--- Add your name---> </p>
    <p><strong>Email:</strong> <!--- Add your mail id ---> </p>
    <p><strong>Phone:</strong> <!--- Add your phone num---> </p>
</div>

<hr style="border: 0; border-top: 1px solid #ccc; width: 80%;" />

<h2 style="color:#333;"> Course Joined</h2>
<div align="left" style="margin: 20px; font-size: 16px;">
    <p><strong>Course Name:</strong> <!--- Add your course name---> </p>
    <p><strong>Instructor:</strong> <!--- Add your instructor name---> </p>
</div>

<hr style="border: 0; border-top: 1px solid #ccc; width: 80%;" />

<h2 style="color:#333;"> Duration</h2>
<div align="left" style="margin: 20px; font-size: 16px;">
    <p><strong>Start Date:</strong> <!--- Starting date of course (yyyy-mm-dd)--> </p>
    <p><strong>End Date:</strong> <!--- ending date of course (yyyy-mm-dd)---> </p>
    <p><strong>Total Duration:</strong> <!--- Durations in months---> </p>
</div>

</div>

<!-- End of block -->

---

## **Project Overview**


<!-- you can add title of the section/heading inside [] . inside () add heading after # and use - instead of space inside () -->

<!-- eg. - [Introduction of Project ](#introduction-of-project)-->

- [Learnings from LST & SST ](#learnings-from-lst-and-sst)
- [Community Services](#community-services)
- [Certificate](#certificate)
- [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)
- [Refrences](#references)


---
## **Learnings from LST and SST**
<!-- add your experiences over here -->
---
## **Community Services**

<!-- add descreption in your own words -->

During my internship period, I participated in multiple community-oriented activities aimed at social welfare and environmental improvement. These experiences helped me develop empathy, teamwork, and a sense of responsibility toward society.

### **Activities Involved**

- **Blood Donation** – Donated blood and supported basic assistance tasks during the camp.
- **Tree Plantation Drive** – Participated by planting trees and contributing to environmental improvement.
- **Helping Elder Citizens** – Assisted two elderly individuals with simple daily tasks and provided support where needed.

<!-- you can write impacts according to your experience in your words-->

### **Impact / Contribution**

- Helped create a supportive environment during the blood donation camp.
- Actively participated in promoting a greener and cleaner surroundings.
- Offered personal assistance to elder citizens, strengthening community bonds.
- Improved skills in communication, coordination, and social responsibility.

### **Photos**

<!-- add your photos below -->
<!-- change url below with your image urls (inside  src='')-->

- These are just placeholder (sample) images <!-- remove this line -->

<p align="center">
<img src="https://media.licdn.com/dms/image/v2/D561FAQEJNBia4UCa5w/feedshare-document-images_800/B56Zm5b6SJJkAg-/1/1759752731458?e=1766016000&v=beta&t=7GABy91-0FNbir386wPdJ-Grr385JzS3tR5LQIw1CWg" alt="Community Service Photo 1" width="60%"><br>
<img src="https://media.licdn.com/dms/image/v2/D561FAQEJNBia4UCa5w/feedshare-document-images_800/B56Zm5b6SJJkAg-/2/1759752731458?e=1766016000&v=beta&t=6RfJQWWqlQUPcCvDnQNW7kR6yf7w-wPDsIPxum409ck" alt="Community Service Photo 2" width="60%"><br>
<img src="https://media.licdn.com/dms/image/v2/D561FAQEJNBia4UCa5w/feedshare-document-images_800/B56Zm5b6SJJkAg-/3/1759752731458?e=1766016000&v=beta&t=yWaunKdRdLUKBLbmM3UjRYYz-_GSCfWEQ3_R7dW0xLM" alt="Community Service Photo 3" width="60%">
</p>

---

## **Certificate**

The internship certificate serves as an official acknowledgment of the successful completion of my training period. It will be issued by the organization upon fulfilling all required tasks and meeting the performance expectations of the program. The certificate validates the skills, experience, and contributions made during the internship.

### **Certificate Preview**

<!-- add your certificate image url below (inside src='')-->

<p align="center">
<img src="https://img.sanishtech.com/u/49eeb3961a816d32d894d94caa1522cd.png" alt="Internship Certificate" width="80%">
</p>

---

## **Acknowledgments**

<!-- you can add Acknowledgments over here in same syntax as below . eg trainer name , company name , role etc -->

- [Prof. Radhakumari Challa](https://www.linkedin.com/in/prof-radhakumari-challa-a3850219b) , Executive Director and Founder - SURE Trust

## **References**

- [Wikipedia](https://wikipedia.com)
<!--you can add refrences over here in same syntax as above -->
